In this video you're going to learn how to use Facebook competitions to grow your Facebook page extremely
fast.
Now Facebook competitions are such a great way to grow your page because they often get a huge amount
of engagements.
So you can see here is a competition that I actually did when I first published this page.
And that's a great time to use competitions to really help get awareness about your page and brand very
quickly so you can see it's got a lot of engagement here and it also got a good amount of shares and
likes as well and comments below.
So the reason their competitions are such a great idea is because they give people an incentive to engage
with your post.
The more people that engage with your posts than the more of their friends that are going to see your
posts.
So you can really create that viral effect and create a huge amount awareness for your posts through
the social network of other people.
So let me show you just how to set this up and just put a free competition like this.
So this competition is closed.
So I added this comment in afterwards.
So what you want to do is really create the competition.
And then afterwards obtained it once it's over.
So here's what I said and this is just to give you a couple of ideas it's obviously going to change
for your business.
I mean in a show you had to find some ideas for competitions as well.
So I said when two free passes to enter simply like uncomment Tag a friend or colleague you can take
the course with.
And the winner will be announced Friday 20 July just before the course launches.
Good luck to everyone and I included a quick video here as well just to make sure they caught some attention
in people's newsfeeds as well.
I recommend you do that.
You could even just create a simple post and competition time where have a quick video there.
So when two free passes to enter simply like and comments and at the time a very small amount of Facebook
likes.
And this got 11 shares and 69 likes and colons etc..
So the key thing is is you have to make part part of the entry has to be for them to take an action
on the post.
That's the key thing that's how you create that viral effect.
Now I do want to point out that for competitions on Facebook you do have to be quite careful about what
you say in terms of entering.
So to highlight this I want to show you the Facebook guidelines.
These actually mention some things about competition so we go to promotion's says some guidelines about
promotions.
The important part is is that
personal time personal timelines and friend connections must not be used to administer administer promotions
e.g. share on your time line to enter or share on your friends timeline to get additional entries or
tag your friends.
In this post to enter.
So that's the key thing that you can say.
You actually can technically say Like and Share to enter.
That's why I said here.
Like and Comment now I said.
Tag a friend or colleague as an option so that wasn't that wasn't actually a term of entry but I just
suggested that as well.
So that's a kind of a way to get around those those guidelines to simply say like and comments.
The reality is is that most people don't strictly abide to these Facebook guidelines.
She come into Facebook any typing competition you're going to see a lot of people say like this post
tag friends and enter you're going to see people say simply share and like this posts and you can see
that this was yesterday.
It's 7:40.
It's still published it's got 50000 shares on Forte's and.
So even though Facebook's guidelines say you shouldn't say share.
The reality is that in practice a lot of pages are doing it without any repercussions.
So my point is if you want to be safe don't make sharing a term of entry.
But if you want to try it out and do what most people are doing and get that much more viral effect
you can actually include that if you want.
So I'm just pointing out what people are doing.
The option is really up to you and you can make the best choice for your page.
Key point to get across is no matter which way you do it that competitions are an incredibly good way
to promote your page because you're you're creating that viral effect and using other people's friends
to help spread your message when they share their message is going to quites all their friends.
So I could have one person they have 200 friends most of their friends are going to see that or at least
the ones that are engaged with competitions are extremely powerful.
And this is a simple type competition you can set up to really kick off her Facebook page or to do at
any stage.
They just work so well that you should really be doing these regularly enough if you something good
to give away.
So go ahead and use Facebook competitions to grow your own page or consider easing them for clients
for a company's page.